Hey big brother
Why did the second uncle put the clue here?
You wait for me here, I'll go in and have a look. Hmm.
Brother, didn't I tell you to wait outside?
I don't worry about you alone
It looks like it's been deserted for a long time
And not only that.
The knife marks on the door look very old
I'm guessing there was a spear battle here years ago
Big brother look
There's a footprint.
Still wet
Is there anyone
Did brother bring any weapons?
Oh, I brought it.
Hey kitchen knife
Are you kidding me?
Our police have strict control over weapons
It's hard enough for me to bring out a kitchen knife
Well, forget it.
Better than nothing
It's a dry well.
The space inside is quite damaged.
What should I do? Go down and see. Hmm.
Wow bro
It's so dark in here. Did you bring a torch?
Oh, I brought it. I brought it.
Condition unknown
Be careful!
Oh big brother look
There's a big hole.